where's
5 the moment they'd all been waiting
for 14-year-old Ahmed Sala one of the
youngest Palestinian prisoners to be
released as part of Israel's ceasefire
with Hamas home at
last all through the evening a roller
coaster of
emotions at one point panic and silence
as family members worried Israeli police
would raid the house
okay it's him we can go live Ahmed a
resident of occupied East Jerusalem was
accused of throwing stones at a car full
of Israeli settlers and injuring one
woman he was first put under house
arrest then moved to a jail under
administrative detention a common
Israeli practice where a person can be
incarcerated without charge or trial
indefinitely back in the Embrace of his
loved ones Ahmed visibly tired and
traumatized told me about the warnings
he' received before being
freed they told me you're not allowed to
celebrate you're not allowed to leave
the house on the day you are released
you're not allowed to have signs or
Flags you can't talk on loudspeaker you
can't have parties anyone who makes
noise around the house or sets off
fireworks will be taken back to
jail for ahmed's mother relief and
concern
I worry that they might come back and
take him away at any moment I'm
constantly worried and afraid because at
any moment they might return you can
expect anything from them what we keep
seeing from these families is that this
is a moment when they want to have a
collective sigh of relief and they want
to be able to breathe a little bit
easier and they want to be able to
celebrate and they're essentially being
told that they can't and this is very
frustrating for
them despite the worries that the mood
lightened when the feast
commenced right now you're seeing Smiles
but throughout the evening we've seen
faces that were panic-stricken we've
seen a lot of Tears um right now people
are happy and they're hopeful that this
can last a little bit
long doing everything they can to savor
this moment as long as they
can Muhammad jamj jaaz occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer